This is a TODO list for both client and server of the Majik4. Please add
everything you feel like they should be included in base system. This is 
not in priority order. Use your own common sense determining priority of
the tasks.

 - Item system
     + generic item system, including list of weapons, armours, items
       and such. this includes everything from single weapons to items
       such as torches, liquid containers and the money.
     + material system, material types etc.
     + get, drop, inventory, give and the related commands.
     + item saving system, save variables of the item and the "generate"
       string.
     + unique equipment system, possibility to add items that is not generated
       by the generic item code.
	   
 - Living system
     + common functions for both players and monsters, hit locations and such.
     + skill and spell system. (not so priority unless first version of real
       battle system is ready, we can just use some default values whether we
       need skill checks).
	   
 - Monster system
     + monster races.
     + generic monster creation system.
     + possibility to have unique monsters.
     + simple ai functionatily, monsters should be able to walk randomly
       around, by certain path or just stay and they should be able to say
       things by pre defined variables (in case the monster is unique). they
       should be able to follow when attacked, they should be able to be
       aggressive.

 - Battle system
     + just improve the current battle system to use hit locations, better 
       formulas for everything, battle messages and different attacking
       types. 
     + weapon and armor system integrated to battle so they have some
       effect, or actually more than just some :)

 - UI (User Interface)
     + there should be button to change "mood" from aggressive to friendly,
       and some system that we remember if we are aggressive to some certain
       person and whether not and some system to make that we are no longer
       aggressive... this needs some thinking.
     + support for command history we can browse using cursor keys, also left
       and right cursor keys should be binded. we need system to parse <esc>
       codes in this point.
     + `?' key should bring a browsable help page.
     + there should be API that allows server to open "windows" in client,
       and make some lists etc, thus allowing us to have more intuitive
       inventory command, as is in ADOM.
     + when someone tries to kill the player when browsing help pages,
       inventory or something it should automatically switch to the "default"
       screen and be able to defend. that's just only proposal, another way
       is to display help pages and inventory on the for example: text window
       or description window..
     + new user registration, should be fully controllable by server as
       almost everything else (client API).

